and
and so
or
then
and on and on and on...
me in the ascetic life
you like to listn to the sound of randar
you wont get far with
it doesn't matter it's all the same.
Maelgwn and Vortigern
born in a barn.
and so they only love me till I drown.
rumbling tummy and itchy nose, all symptoms of a heavy load.
you can't be replaced.
replanted, avulsed, ring finger and
my horses name is Technologyisgross and  I just built a barn!
life is better with triple foam
it made my hair feel like silk and it smells amazing.
something to chew on and
you'd miss the gallows if they were golden and warm
we don't speak german but we can if you like!
wherever you go could become war torn
guts for sale!!!
good weather for airstrikes
you weren't meant to leave this long
why can't I ever affect anything
line boil mickey mousing squigglevision,
I can crawl on ceilings if I try hard enough,
me and the door I just installed. in love - installing doors.
love is a lost child reborn
and dont forget... it's worlds end day bae!
and it's worlds apart.
ductwind 
this is some pretty heavy stuff 
spiders on the ceiling, they never get close to me
cable customers 
why am I still alive when everyone around me has turned to meat?
you don't really think that
worlds end day bae!
don't look, you're just ruining it for yourself.
it'll never be that way
I had to perform it twice but you only had to see it happen once,
you're my dollbreaker
you want something red with your something yellow?
it's not much but it's home horse
so much respect for clowns
devoid of you, 
think contraceptive thoughts
I can hallucinate spiders at will 
if you ever need someone to hallucinate spiders im your guy
save the planet, a hoof bat salad.
human pulp and sticky sidewalk shoes
time passing makes me cry
lots of patricide
weathers stuck around so long, finally raining while I have my coat on.
bear with me, reversed leg lock knee.
attack after an earthquake
do you feel it crawford?
disfigure me dearest
face eater versus brain sucker
and if my hearts bigger than my belly then I cant be a low maintenance lobotomised lover
there is no digestion safe zone
this is the music I would make if I could make music
ice flow dull glow of mulled blow
a guy who can freeze time for a year
whatever I touch rots and dies.
barfing in the ball pit.
I am punishing these nettles for existing
the overhead inside lining of a room
Shes barreleyed and a big breakup makeup tree
now you've lost half your teeth.
I dont remember your birthday
smack my face off a hard tile surface and
my gutless meat hung out to rot, if I'm in a pile of shit at least im at the top.
hallucinating spiders. Just another friday for me.
I'm with a girl who sees ghosts
must be nice being beautiful
tied up like a stupid fucking fencepost.
I tell myself this tree can not resemble you
ten tonne damage first marriage 
those breakup makeup men with their
broken by distance and time.
rats with bad teeth
rifle platform rifle system
deadwife dignity
sharp teeth and sharp claws
what am I scared will happen?
- a secret who can no longer be kept
do you know anything about spontaneous human combustion?
either way: sunny day!
the loaded up whore
you can hear the desperation in the car horns, god wants us all in porn
frail tubercular lady circus rider 
we woke up and spent the rest of the day staring at walls
I'm trying to hide something from you.
and I'll leave you by the side of the road just to see what you'll do.
just eyeball it man
spic and span
- let me finish -
can I pinch a straight?
fall into the sand dunes of her back, pain like a rubber tire on tarmac.
im worried you'll see me before I'm done but
oh this'll be good
pig about production,
on the corpse route
it's all just immitation crab meat.